You still blame Mr. Su for coming
Don't forget that the Su family raised you for three years
Quite the contrary.
I raised the Su family for three years
Hmph, including your life
Nonsense
Xiao Chen, you should stop
I know the divorce hit you hard
But the relationship is over
I hope you learn to take responsibility like a man
Learn to let go
Before the matter is answered
Leave now and shut up
In your capacity
What right do you have to say that?
If I'm right
Are you afraid of my appearance?
Will it make your sweetheart unhappy?
You're a little self-aware, kid
That's right, I'm here for him tonight
And you don't fit in here
Staying will only humiliate yourself
self-destruct
OK, I see.
What do you mean?
Before tonight.
I wanted to hold your hand
Put the Su family's famous brand on top of the Long family
But not anymore.
This Moment
You destroyed it all with your own hands, this dragon tablet
It's no longer necessary.